- so I'm back with a charm update now
I'm using my dad's SLR camera because I
thought you guys deserved a better
quality video to make up for the lack of
videos or the sparseness of a lot of my
videos at the moment so I'm just gonna
get on with it so the first thing I'm
probably the thing I'm most proud of in
this charm update is this so this is a
prisoner of azkaban sign so this is a
sign that serious black holds up in the
film so it just looks like this and the
reason I'm so proud of this is that
everything on here is made out of clay
so you see that the words the letters
everything even the bits down here made
out of clay so yeah this is what it
looks like it kind of looks like a
biscuit of the sides but it's one of
those things but I don't want to paint
it otherwise it can't be like Oh
everything is made out of clay so yeah
there's this and I dusted it and I
darkened it and dirt the dirt texture
didn't everything so I'm really proud of
this I was to try and make a Hogwarts
acceptance letter or not acceptance
letter like invitation but I didn't
rework so much how and remake that one
now along the same lines as sort of like
a fan fan charms I made this charm which
is a charm inspired by The Fault in Our
Stars which is a book by John Green I'll
leave all the links in the description
and if you read the book you know like
the reference the okay reference but it
just looks like the front cover of the
book and like I said the reference is in
the book of course and then I also made
these and I've seen these done by quite
a few people online but they look like
friendship necklaces or jams or you know
boyfriend-girlfriend things the
lettering is completely different and
you sort out they're just some simple
ones I really like and by the way I'm
going to mention charms and oh sorry
inspired by people and I don't have the
brain capacity to actually tell you in
the video so I'm gonna have it on I put
a little annotation on the screen to
tell you who they're inspired by and
unless I do not actually know them like
this one which is this little melonpan
and which is inspired by rainy bears so
it just looks like this really really
cute and simple but I love it
and I've been using gold bindings a lot
for certain charms and I absolutely love
it I do recommend like it's a really
easy way to spice your charms up so
there's that one and then I made two
little rock charms I was just doing the
basic charms just to get back into it
and I do have blushed cheeks we can't
really see it but there's this this sort
of angular one and then this round like
pebbles sort of one I think is so cute
and
phases and making clay next it's not
time update without cupcakes so there's
this one and I've a lot of people notice
because a lot of these were on Instagram
I've done my face is different they're
sort of in woods and I've glazed some of
them I'll just try new things get back
into it so there's this one and I love
the icing on this one and then I've got
some plain ones which took like this
which don't look alike at all this one's
really meaty but doesn't really matter
and then I got some icing iced ones
actually should I really say like this
like I said i have been using gold
findings you can see on some of them and
this is by the way the mint the new fimo
mint color and it's so hard to make him
to icing as you can see it car lumpy but
yeah so here's two more and then I've
got this one which is inspired by
someone on Instagram so it's gonna be
eye on the screen in that annotation but
I just thought it's such a cute idea and
then I've got this really really really
tiny one which is not finished obviously
but yeah I really love this one
and the mold is by the Etsy shop that
I'm putting on the screen now the base
mold at least next with other pastries
just two random things so I've got this
deathly hallows cookie the RC was meant
to be pink but it kind of died in the
oven I'm not quite sure like how all the
color seems to have gone to this tip but
it's cute I don't mind it
and then this cake which inspired by
someone also on its gram and YouTube I
believe I'm gonna have to find out
because I've seen it so many places but
I'll put that on the screen as well but
I don't really like this one but I think
it's kind of cute and then I've been
using my resin clay for a lot of things
though I have some cookies she look like
this the colors have got a bit of funky
cuz I'm not used to using resin clay so
the colors are a bit odd but they're
just didn't like experiments that I did
in the game of gold findings and then of
course Scott was playing cookie that I
didn't know what to do with and this
cute little Jam filled
cookie biscuit thing this is inspired by
MIT sitamma BAM beem who is currently
probably my favorite youtuber of all
time craft
ooba-dooba croft youtuber sorry i
absolutely love her videos and she's
just amazing so go check her out and
then I did sir I did a sweets deco video
recently with molds by the person that
did the mold of this one like I said it
on the screen and I really love the way
these turned out so I did this crude a
doughnut and I really like this one
cause it's kind of translucent all the
other ones I've done I've gone opaque
but I must have used less pigment in
this one but I really like the way this
one came out and then there's this plain
macaron just this strawberry pink one
and I didn't put any white paint in the
icing pots because I've just you know I
forgot because it's why I forget that it
dries translucent but I actually really
like the way it came out and so let me
know if you like that because I do and
then last one is this purple one and the
same with the ice tea but I quite like
it I think of it's really cute this is
just a dry laQuan with a strawberry and
some icing and all that good stuff and
then last but not least I sort of like
the people this is a complete fail but
I've been trying flat back jeebies or
like pendulum kind of chewy things and
it was my first time trying out the Jade
color of the new one but I don't really
like it and I didn't come out the color
that we thought it would so it's kind of
ruined it
but the chibi wasn't very good to start
with it doesn't really matter and then
this shows you how fun would go these
charms were hence why I can't remember
who they're inspired by and they're I
made this when we first saw the new Star
Trek which is not actually new anymore
but yes just this spot pendant with them
stars and he's got this really bored
face and his little badge and the eye
the eyes look kind of weird because the
glaze did something terribly funky but I
don't really mind it I think it's quite
cute so there's that one and then last
but not least from my tutorial which
I'll link in the description and on
screen are these Russian dolls so this
one's a button and this one's a charm
and I really love the way these ones
turned out I really love the video as
well and but these were a tutorial for
search press so yeah so that is
everything in this charm update I really
hope you enjoyed this I know it's not
very big and the charms are kind of
awkward but I've just been getting
harder and harder to make charms so
hopefully I'll get me inspiration back
now that I'm on holiday or
summer break or whatever you want to
call it so yeah and there are going to
be some ideas an update video coming up
so please look out for that and thank
you so much 27,000 subscribers I just
hit it I think three days ago maybe and
you to go is just mean the world to me
and I'm sorry that I'm really terrible
at scheduling things but thank you so
much for watching